[Intl] [Emoji] Move emoji data in a new component (#53096)
symfony/symfony: src/Symfony/Component/Emoji/README.md

Emoji Component

> =============

Reviewer: ```suggestion
===============
```

The Emoji component provides access to emoji characters and sequences from
the [Unicode CLDR](https://cldr.unicode.org/index).

> The total size of the included data is about 30MB. You can diminish the size of
> the data by compressing those files using the following command:
> 
>     php vendor/symfony/emoji/Resources/bin/compress
> 
> The ext-Intl PHP extension is required.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have the zlib extension enabled, you can compress the data by running:

    php vendor/symfony/emoji/Resources/bin/compress
```

Let's add the same sentence in the intl component also
